yeah I want to go through some of these
businesses because you have big stakes
and you mentioned Airlines for instance
let's let's just start with that and
Delta is a big holding you have holdings
and the other three big ones as well
sure and so how do you assess what's
going to happen and does that change
your outlook well it's gonna be terrible
but I've always felt a pandemic would
happen at some time I made I've actually
used that term I mean then in describing
things that can be in a it's gonna
interrupt the progress of not only this
country but the world it won't stop the
progress of the country or the world I
mean that this is this is a terrible
event that's occurring we don't know how
terrible and it may not turn out to be
that make a deal when we get through but
it may turn out to be a very big deal
one we just don't know and I certainly
don't know and nobody knows but there
will be other things that happen in the
world in the next 5 10 20 years that's
the way the world works it doesn't it's
it's not a totally even course the
progress of mankind has been incredible
and that won't stop I mean you flew out
here you know yesterday or today
edie and you flew over a country that
250 years ago there wasn't anything here
that's only three of my lifetimes and
there wasn't anything here and now
you've got all these bountiful farms and
you've got 200 and 260 billion vehicles
in the country and they've got it
80 million owner-occupied homes and and
you've got 155 million or whatever it is
million people working and I mean it's
it's incredible I went you know when I
had a medical check the other day I went
to incredible medical facilities that
are just two or three minutes from here
and that wasn't here I mean even here a
hundred years ago and so we keep making
progress we haven't we haven't forgotten
how to make progress in this country and
we haven't lost interested making
progress and that will benefit to
varying degrees all kinds of people
around the world but there will be
interruptions and I don't know when they
will occur and I don't know how deep
they will occur I do know they will
occur from time to time and I also know
that look
better on the other end so it doesn't
sound like you're selling airline stocks
today I won't be selling airlines